Linux development environment setup (#4084)
inveniosoftware/invenio: docs/getting-started/development-environment.rst

Linux
~~~~~

> Useful packages to install:

Reviewer: I would then create a specific subsection `Ubuntu v....` because this is all highly dependent of the Linux dist. :)

.. code-block:: sh

        git:      $ apt install git-all

>         zoom:     https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/204206269-Installing-or-updating-Zoom-on-Linux#h_adcc0b66-b2f4-468b-bc7a-12c182f354b7

Reviewer: I would remove Zoom and Discord, they are more for CERN users and our work, not really for global Invenio users :)

        discord:  https://doc.ubuntu-fr.org/discord
        

>         VS code:  https://code.visualstudio.com/download

Reviewer: There is already an editors section: https://invenio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started/development-environment.html#editors

If during the installation you encounter broken packages, try the follwoing command:

.. code-block:: sh
        $ apt --fix-broken install

**Python**

Invenio is developed using Python and JavaScript. 
If you want to check which version of Python you have, try the following:

.. code-block:: sh
        # Check the system Python version
        $ python --version

        # Check the Python 2 version
        $ python2 --version

        # Check the Python 3 version
        $ python3 --version

To install Python 3.8 type the following commands:

.. code-block:: sh

        $ sudo apt-get update
        $ sudo apt-get install python3.8 python3-pip

In the follwoing list you can check if your system has the necessary
requirements. We highly recommend that you install ``pyenv`` and ``nvm`` - both tools manage 
version of python and node respectively.

> https://inveniordm.docs.cern.ch/install/requirements/

Reviewer: We should probably link to the `invenio` doc, not the `inveniordm` doc. We should probably replace this with an **internal** link to https://invenio.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started/quickstart/installation.html#prerequisites

> After installing docker you might have some errors related to permissions, try the following command: 

Reviewer: It is maybe better to link to useful resources rather than provide these solutions because they tend to became obsolete very quickly and I would pay extra care suggesting to change permissions ;)
What about if you change to something similar to:

```
If you get the following error after installing Docker and running simple commands:
Got permission denied ... /var/run/docker.sock: connect: permission denied
see [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48568172/docker-sock-permission-denied) for some tips on how to solve it.
```

Of course this is Markdown, please change it to Sphinx ;)

.. code-block:: sh
        $ sudo chmod 666 /var/run/docker.sock

To check if you have the latest version of node installed type the following commands:

.. code-block:: sh
        $ sudo npm cache clean -f
        $ sudo npm install -g n
        $ sudo n stable

General tools/packages useful during development:

.. code-block:: sh

>         $ apt-get install sqlitebrowser        # UI for SQLite

Reviewer: I would harmonize to remove `sudo` if not needed, or add it everywhere if needed.

        $ snap install spectacle               # organise windows with keyboard shortcuts
        $ apt-get install libcairo2-dev        # graphics library
        $ apt-get install htop                 # a better top
        $ apt-get install tree                 # pretty print a directory structure
        $ apt install wget                     # http client
        $ sudo apt-get install hub             # extends git with github features
        $ sudo apt-get install bash-completion # if you use bash as shell

> To manage and use virtual environments we suggest that you go though the following guides and install the following packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly suggest you to install `pyenv` to manage multiple Python versions at the same time and `pipenv` and `virtualenv` to manage virtualenvs:
```

> .. code-block:: sh

Reviewer: Maybe better a list instead of a `code-block`?
